Dr. Yang
Aren't you going in?
You are back.
Well, I have some good news for you.
Late at night, h has promised to operate on Qingqing
But you have to figure out the cost of the surgery yourself
Ok thank you doctor
Qingqing's mother has good news for you
The genius doctor agreed to operate on you
Oh, really?
So can I be a healthy kid?
Of course you can.
Qingqing's mother has something to do
Please stay in the hospital and wait for me, okay?
OK
What are you calling for during the season?
Ji Yanxi, I'm at your door
You'd better come and see me quickly
Otherwise, I'll go to the hospital to find you.
OK. I'll be right back.
What does the season want to do?
No, I can't be at his mercy anymore
Ah be careful